10 CCR ยง 260.140.41. Compensatory Option Plans.

Options granted to employees [including insurance agents who are
employees for purposes of Rule 701(c) under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (17 C.F.R. 230.701(c)], officers, directors, general
partners, trustees (where the issuer is a business trust), managers,
advisors or consultants of the issuer, its parents, its majority-owned
subsidiaries or majority-owned subsidiaries of the issuer's parent
as part of a compensatory benefit plan shall be pursuant to a plan
or agreement that provides for all of the following:

    (a) The total number of securities (which may be expressed as
        a specific number of securities or as a percentage of the
        total number of securities outstanding from time to time)
        which may be issued and the persons eligible to receive
        options to purchase these securities.

    (b) An exercise period of not more than 120 months from the date
        the option is granted.

    (c) The non-transferability of the options, provided that the plan
        or agreement may permit transfer by will, by the laws of
        descent and distribution, to a revocable trust, or as permitted
        by Rule 701 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (17
        C.F.R. 230.701).

    (d) The proportionate adjustment of the number of securities
        purchasable and the exercise price thereof under the option
        in the event of a stock split, reverse stock split, stock
        dividend, recapitalization, combination, reclassification or
        other distribution of the issuer's equity securities without
        the receipt of consideration by the issuer, of or on the
        issuer's class or series of securities underlying the option.

    (e) Unless employment is terminated for cause as defined by
        applicable law, the terms of the plan or option grant or a
        contract of employment, the right to exercise in the event of
        termination of employment, to the extent that the optionee
        is entitled to exercise on the date employment terminates,
        continues until the earlier of the option expiration date or:

        (1) At least 6 months from the date of termination if
            termination was caused by death or disability.

        (2) At least 30 days from the date of termination if
            termination was caused by other than death or disability.

    (f) Options must be granted within 10 years from the date the
        plan or agreement is adopted or the date the plan or agreement
        is approved by the issuer's security holders, whichever
        is earlier.

    (g) The plan or agreement must be approved by a majority of the
        outstanding securities entitled to vote by the later of

        (1) within 12 months before or after the date the plan is
            adopted or the date the agreement is entered into or

        (2) prior to or within 12 months of the granting of any option
            or issuance of any security under the plan or agreement
            in this state.

        Any option granted to any person in this state that is
        exercised before security holder approval is obtained must be
        rescinded if security holder approval is not obtained in the
        manner described in the preceding sentence. Such securities
        shall not be counted in determining whether such approval
        is obtained. A foreign private issuer, as defined by Rule
        3b-4 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (17
        C.F.R. 240.3b-4), shall not be required to comply with this
        subsection provided that the aggregate number of persons
        in this state granted options under all option plans and
        agreements and issued securities under all purchase and bonus
        plans and agreements does not exceed 35.

    (h) Compliance with Section 260.140.46 of these rules regarding
        the information required to be received by security holders.
