(a) Exemption.

    Offers and sales made in compliance with all of the conditions of
    this section are exempt from section 5 of the Act (15 U.S.C. 77e).

(b) Issuers eligible to use this section---

    (1) General.

        This section is available to any issuer that is not subject
        to the reporting requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of
        the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act")
        (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and is not an investment company
        registered or required to be registered under the Investment
        Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-1 et seq.).

    (2) Issuers that become subject to reporting.

        If an issuer becomes subject to the reporting requirements
        of section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78m or
        78o(d)) after it has made offers complying with this section,
        the issuer may nevertheless rely on this section to sell the
        securities previously offered to the persons to whom those
        offers were made.

    (3) Guarantees by reporting companies.

        An issuer subject to the reporting requirements of section
        13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78m, 78o(d)) may
        rely on this section if it is merely guaranteeing the payment
        of a subsidiary's securities that are sold under this section.

(c) Transactions exempted by this section.

    This section exempts offers and sales of securities (including
    plan interests and guarantees pursuant to paragraph (d)(2)(ii)
    of this section) under a written compensatory benefit plan
    (or written compensation contract) established by the issuer,
    its parents, its majority-owned subsidiaries or majority-owned
    subsidiaries of the issuer's parent, for the participation of
    their employees, directors, general partners, trustees (where
    the issuer is a business trust), officers, or consultants and
    advisors, and their family members who acquire such securities
    from such persons through gifts or domestic relations orders. This
    section exempts offers and sales to former employees, directors,
    general partners, trustees, officers, consultants and advisors
    only if such persons were employed by or providing services to
    the issuer at the time the securities were offered. In addition,
    the term "employee" includes insurance agents who are exclusive
    agents of the issuer, its subsidiaries or parents, or derive more
    than 50% of their annual income from those entities.

    (1) Special requirements for consultants and advisors.

        This section is available to consultants and advisors only if:

        (i) They are natural persons;

        (ii) They provide bona fide services to the issuer, its
            parents, its majority-owned subsidiaries or majority-owned
            subsidiaries of the issuer's parent; and

        (iii) The services are not in connection with the offer or
            sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction,
            and do not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a
            market for the issuer's securities.

    (2) Definition of "compensatory benefit plan."

        For purposes of this section, a compensatory benefit plan is
        any purchase, savings, option, bonus, stock appreciation,
        profit sharing, thrift, incentive, deferred compensation,
        pension or similar plan.

    (3) Definition of "family member."

        For purposes of this section, family member includes any
        child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent,
        spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law,
        father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law,
        or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships, any
        person sharing the employee's household (other than a tenant
        or employee), a trust in which these persons have more than
        fifty percent of the beneficial interest, a foundation in
        which these persons (or the employee) control the management
        of assets, and any other entity in which these persons (or the
        employee) own more than fifty percent of the voting interests.

(d) Amounts that may be sold---

    (1) Offers.

        Any amount of securities may be offered in reliance on this
        section. However, for purposes of this section, sales of
        securities underlying options must be counted as sales on
        the date of the option grant.

    (2) Sales.

        The aggregate sales price or amount of securities sold in
        reliance on this section during any consecutive 12-month
        period must not exceed the greatest of the following:

        (i) $1,000,000;

        (ii) 15% of the total assets of the issuer (or of the issuer's
            parent if the issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary and the
            securities represent obligations that the parent fully
            and unconditionally guarantees), measured at the issuer's
            most recent balance sheet date (if no older than its last
            fiscal year end); or

        (iii) 15% of the outstanding amount of the class of securities
            being offered and sold in reliance on this section,
            measured at the issuer's most recent balance sheet date
            (if no older than its last fiscal year end).

    (3) Rules for calculating prices and amounts---

        (i) Aggregate sales price.

            The term aggregate sales price means the sum of all
            cash, property, notes, cancellation of debt or other
            consideration received or to be received by the issuer
            for the sale of the securities. Non-cash consideration
            must be valued by reference to bona fide sales of that
            consideration made within a reasonable time or, in the
            absence of such sales, on the fair value as determined by
            an accepted standard. The value of services exchanged for
            securities issued must be measured by reference to the
            value of the securities issued. Options must be valued
            based on the exercise price of the option.

        (ii) Time of the calculation.

            With respect to options to purchase securities, the
            aggregate sales price is determined when an option grant
            is made (without regard to when the option becomes
            exercisable). With respect to other securities, the
            calculation is made on the date of sale. With respect to
            deferred compensation or similar plans, the calculation
            is made when the irrevocable election to defer is made.

        (iii) Derivative securities.

            In calculating outstanding securities for purposes
            of paragraph (d)(2)(iii) of this section, treat
            the securities underlying all currently exercisable
            or convertible options, warrants, rights or other
            securities, other than those issued under this exemption,
            as outstanding. In calculating the amount of securities
            sold for other purposes of paragraph (d)(2) of this
            section, count the amount of securities that would be
            acquired upon exercise or conversion in connection with
            sales of options, warrants, rights or other exercisable
            or convertible securities, including those to be issued
            under this exemption.

        (iv) Other exemptions.

            Amounts of securities sold in reliance on this section
            do not affect "aggregate offering prices" in other
            exemptions, and amounts of securities sold in reliance
            on other exemptions do not affect the amount that may be
            sold in reliance on this section.

(e) Disclosure that must be provided.

    The issuer must deliver to investors a copy of the compensatory
    benefit plan or the contract, as applicable. In addition, if
    the aggregate sales price or amount of securities sold during
    any consecutive 12-month period exceeds $5 million, the issuer
    must deliver the following disclosure to investors a reasonable
    period of time before the date of sale:

    (1) If the plan is subject to the Employee Retirement Income
        Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA") (29 U.S.C. 1104-1107), a copy
        of the summary plan description required by ERISA;

    (2) If the plan is not subject to ERISA, a summary of the material
        terms of the plan;

    (3) Information about the risks associated with investment in
        the securities sold pursuant to the compensatory benefit plan
        or compensation contract; and

    (4) Financial statements required to be furnished by Part
        F/S of Form 1-A (Regulation A Offering Statement) (section
        239.90 of this chapter) under Regulation A (sections 230.251
        through 230.263). Foreign private issuers as defined in Rule
        405 must provide a reconciliation to generally accepted
        accounting principles in the United States (U.S. GAAP) if
        their financial statements are not prepared in accordance with
        U.S. GAAP or International Financial Reporting Standards as
        issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (Item
        17 of Form 20-F (section 249.220f of this chapter)). The
        financial statements required by this section must be as of
        a date no more than 180 days before the sale of securities
        in reliance on this exemption.

    (5) If the issuer is relying on paragraph (d)(2)(ii) of this
        section to use its parent's total assets to determine the
        amount of securities that may be sold, the parent's financial
        statements must be delivered. If the parent is subject to the
        reporting requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
        Act (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)), the financial statements of
        the parent required by Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X (section
        210.10-01 of this chapter) and Item 310 of Regulation D-B
        (section 228.310 of this chapter), as applicable, must be
        delivered.

    (6) If the sale involves a stock option or other derivative
        security, the issuer must deliver disclosure a reasonable
        period of time before the date of exercise or conversion. For
        deferred compensation or similar plans, the issuer must
        deliver disclosure to investors a reasonable period of time
        before the date the irrevocable election to defer is made.

(f) No integration with other offerings.

    Offers and sales exempt under this section are deemed to be a part
    of a single, discrete offering and are not subject to integration
    with any other offers or sales, whether registered under the Act
    or otherwise exempt from the registration requirements of the Act.

(g) Resale limitations.

    (1) Securities issued under this section are deemed to be
        "restricted securities" as defined in section 230.144.

    (2) Resales of securities issued pursuant to this section must
        be in compliance with the registration requirements of the
        Act or an exemption from those requirements.

    (3) Ninety days after the issuer becomes subject to the reporting
        requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (15
        U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)), securities issued under this section
        may be resold by persons who are not affiliates (as defined
        in section 230.144) in reliance on section 230.144, without
        compliance with paragraphs (c) and (d) of section 230.144,
        and by affiliates without compliance with paragraph (d)
        of section 230.144.
